hi everybody this is Luna and Orly with
crazy cool cakes and today we're coming
to you with a very helpful and quick
tutorial we're going to be teaching you
how we get our fondant to stick to our
icing so many of you have seen our icing
tutorials and as you know our icing is
rock-hard when we cover our cakes with
fondant this is iced in buttercream
icing if you like the look of the sharp
edge make sure that you check out our
latest tutorial on how to ice cakes with
acrylics I love the way that this comes
out it's very very simple you can find
the links underneath the video so
usually a lot of people like to spray
their cakes with a little bottle of
water and this is the way that we use to
do it and we no longer do it this way
because we've discovered that when you
actually use a spray bottle that you
have to press down on the pump as you
know you get a very irregular spray of
water you'll have some parts that have
more water than others and this is why a
lot of us suffer with air bubbles
between our fondant and our icing so
what I'm going to show you is what we're
using this is a flora salt aerosol spray
bottle and it releases a very fine mist
and that way it coats your cake with an
even amount of water and that way you
don't have to worry at all with air
bubbles so I'm going to teach you the
way I do it it's very very simple so
first thing I do is I roll out my
fondant so I'm going to go ahead and do
that now
you
all right guys so as you can see here we
have our hardened iced cake I've got
this on a turntable and as you can also
see I've already rolled out my fondant
so this is ready to go this is the way
that I do it I like to spray my cakes
right before I'm about to cover in
fondant make sure that your cake is on a
turntable because you're going to be
turning it as you are spraying and this
is very simple to do you're just going
to press down on the trigger and it just
releases a very even spring and you only
got to give it a once-over on each side
and then one quick once-over on the top
and that's all you need so now I'm going
to go ahead and cover my cake
all right there so we hope you enjoyed
this tutorial as you can see it was very
very easy to get our fondant to stick to
our hardened iced cake and remember you
do want your cake to be nice and
hardened in the fridge for several hours
before you cover it in fondant that way
you don't ruin your wonderful icing job
and again you can see how simple it was
using our flora salt bottle that
distributed a nice even mist on the
icing as opposed to using a regular
spray bottle that's very sporadic in its
distribution of water hi Rene gainin so
we hope you guys enjoyed this tutorial
and if you'd like to purchase your own
florists all aerosol water spray bottle
be sure to check out the link underneath
the video and we hope you guys enjoyed
this video thank you for being
subscribers please join us on Facebook
and also follow us on Instagram take
care guys thank you very much take care
y'all bye bye